[docs] [BUILD.md] Explain how to update local cemu repo + General fixes (#227)
cemu-project/Cemu: BUILD.md

 - If step 4 gives you an error that contains something like `main.cpp.o: in function 'std::__cxx11::basic_string...`, you likely are experiencing a clang-14 issue. This can only be fixed by either lowering the clang version or using GCC, see below.
 - If step 4 gives you a different error, you could report it to this repo or try using GCC. Just make sure your standard library and compilers are updated since Cemu uses a lot of modern features!
- If step 4 gives you undefined libdecor_xx, you are likely experiencing an issue with sdl2 package that comes with vcpkg. Delete sdl2 from vcpkg.json in source file and recompile

> ## Updating Cemu version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Updating Cemu And Source Code
```
Just a tad clearer that you aren't just updating Cemu but also the source code, since this guide is targeting mostly developers, at least in the future. The prebuild packages that come from cemu.info handle the updating on their own, probably.

1. To update your Cemu local repository, use the command `git pull --recurse-submodules`
    - This should update your local copy of Cemu and all of its dependencies.

> 2. Then, you can rebuild Cemu using the steps listed above, acording to your Operating System (OS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Then, you can rebuild Cemu using the steps listed above, according to whether you use Linux or Windows.
```

> If cmake complains about Cemu already being compiled or similar, try deleting the `CMakeCache.txt` file on the `build` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If CMake complains about Cemu already being compiled or another similar error, try deleting the `CMakeCache.txt` file inside the `build` folder and retry it.
```
